fix: throw meaningful errors (#449)
asyncapi/parser-js: README.md

|`impossible-to-register-parser`| None | Registration of custom message parser failed.
|`schema-validation-errors`| `parsedJSON`, `validationErrors` | Schema of the payload provided in the AsyncAPI document is not valid with AsyncAPI schema format.
|`fetch-url-error`| None | The URL provided for fetching AsynAPI document is invalid.

> |`schema-parser-not-registered`| `detail` | At least, one of the schemas in the AsyncAPI document is in a format that the given parser instance doesn't support. Add a missed format parser through the `registerSchemaParser` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`schema-parser-not-registered`| `detail` | At least, one of the schemas in the AsyncAPI document is in a format that the given parser instance doesn't support. Add missing parser plugin through the `registerSchemaParser` function.
```
